520a2363-689a-4698-8a31-a2b842ee7080
A length
A length Рапный стебель wrapped in масло-sodden cloth
A length Рапный стебель wrapped in масло-sodden cloth.
A piece
A piece Лом was shed or peeled off a machine fossil
A piece Лом was shed or peeled off a machine fossil.
A warm smile spreads over an old face freckled by time and a million crumbs
A warm smile spreads over an старый лицо freckled by time и million crumbs
Accept Quest
Accept Quest]
Activated; cooldown 30. Axe attack. If you hit and penetrate, you dismember one
Activated; cooldown 50. You grab an opponent's limb with the heel
Adds HP-based эффекты to cooked meals
Adds HP-based эффекты to cooked meals.
Adds simple taste-based эффекты to cooked meals
Adds simple taste-based эффекты to cooked meals.
Aggressive stance: Lunge through an empty space at an opponent and attack with +2 to your penetration roll. You must move through the empty space
Aggressive stance: Lunge through an empty space at an opponent and attack with +2 to your penetration roll. You must move through the empty space.
Ahh, there is a new face. I am Nima Ruda, town apothecary. If your feet point
Alep
Alil
An thou see°es°
An thou see°es°.
And Argyve, too, friend. The tinker. Always looking for trinkets to wire
Anywhile, that's where my wandering mind goes. More's about Joppa I say speak
Apple
Base demeanor: {{g|docile}}
Because they dislike Mehmet, your reputation with
Beetle Moon. Q-ruun says he saw a
Big Yrame shifts her weight between hind and forelegs. She shakes a storm
Big Yrame shifts her weight between hind и forelegs. She shakes a storm rust
Bitara
Bleed damage: 1d2 per round
BodyText%
Cap: 2
Church
Coiled
Coiled Lamb
ConText%
ConText2%
Consortium PhytaС за делиться с ними пресной водой
Consortium PhytaС за делиться с ними пресной водой.
Cooldown 100. You fire at a marked target. Your shot combines the effects
Cooldown 200. For 20 rounds, firing a pistol only takes half a round instead
Crisp pages
Crisp pages goatskin vellum bound into a codex
Crisp pages goatskin vellum bound into a codex.
Ctesiphus has spent his days curled under shade brinestalk huts и sauntering
C|Caves of Qud
C|Caves of Qud}}
C|Peshchery of Kud
C|Peshchery of Kud}}
C|fungi
C|snapjaws
C|the Consortium of Phyta
C|the villagers of Joppa
DV: 1
D] D
Damrinna
Darqammu
Datum
Disliked by Bedroll-in-Citrine ChurchС для digging up remains their ancestors
Disliked by Bedroll-in-Citrine ChurchС для digging up remains their ancestors.
Disliked by {{C|the Bedroll-in-Citrine Church}} for digging up the remains
Disliked by {{C|the Bedroll-in-Citrine Church}} for digging up the remains of their ancestors.
DisplayName%
Doubles the chance
Dubash
Dubylep
Dueling stance: Attack an opponent with +1 to your penetration roll. The attack is guaranteed to hit and penetrate at least once
Dueling stance: Attack an opponent with +1 to your penetration roll. The attack is guaranteed to hit and penetrate at least once.
Dwellers in the earth-clefts fashion tables in the style
Dwellers in the земля-clefts fashion tables in the style puzzle boxes. Their
E] E
Ekamor
Ekavuh
Elder and all. Spent some years
Emits a 9-square ray
Esc]
Even docile ones will
Fates forfend. I would hardly like to lead a village and run a shop at the
Fates, life and death
Fates, life and death...
Faundren-eyed
Fayumet
Fayumet's Skills
Fetch Argyve a
Find Argyve, in his workshop to the west, or Mehmet, by the watervine patch to
For purposes
For the purpose
Freehold
Freehold Games (perevod: memasevich
Girsh lairs and gossip that's about them
Girsh lairs and the locations of
Harvest Dawn 24th
Harvest Dawn 24th of Tishru i Ux
Hashan
He is a wind-carved man with the posture
He shrinks under a hunched back and drums the ground beneath him with a short and barb-crowned tail. A second pair of arms rise over the slump of his shoulders, where hands meet and fingers lace to form another face, this one vacant and prehistoric, no mouth and eyes desert-white
He ветер-carved man with posture a vinereaper; his spine bent to point bright
Heads are added to the list
Heals и confuses when eaten
Heals и confuses when eaten.
Here are several stri
Here are several stripped trunks
Here are several stripped trunks sallow brinestalk bonded with mud
Here are several stripped trunks sallow brinestalk bonded with mud.
Here are several striрасписная with mud
Here are several striрасписная with mud.
Here several stripped trunks sallow brinestalk bonded with mud
Here several stripped trunks sallow brinestalk bonded with mud.
High Salt Sun 24th
Hike there, will you? To Red Rock. Just about two parasangs north
Hungry
I am Fayumet. Who are you
I am Fayumet. Who are you?
I am called Fayumet
I am called Fayumet.
I am dromad, human friend. Some say saltstrider. Do you know this
I am dromad, human friend. Some say saltstrider. Do you know this?
I grew up right here in Joppa, daughter
I grew up right here in Joppa, daughter of the Elder and all. Spent some years
I tasted a bit
I walked Moghra'yi in the caravans
I would ask you to join me, water-brother
I would ask you to join me, water-brother.
Ibykesh
Inna
It is a pleasure to know this, human friend Fayumet! I am Tam
It is a pleasure to know this, human friend Fayumet! I am Tam.
It reads, 'Common Mill
It reads, 'Common Mill'.
It reads, 'Salt Sundries
It reads, 'Salt Sundries'.
Joppa, 00:11:36
Joppa, 00:11:36 turn 555
Joppa, 00:14:44
Joppa, 00:14:44 turn 115
Joppa, Beetle Moon Zenith
Kiilikesh
Kill the vermin and bring one's cor
Kill the vermin and bring one's corpse back, for seein' what it is. Elder will
Knickknack
K|2.0.210.24
K|2.0.210.24}}
K|Weight: 0 lbs
K|Weight: 0 lbs.}}
K|Weight: 1 lbs
K|Weight: 1 lbs.}}
K|Weight: 5 lbs
K|Weight: 5 lbs.}}
K|Weight: 7 lbs
K|Weight: 7 lbs.}}
Lamb
Left
Lichen sticks in the winding grooves
Lichen sticks in winding grooves woodshed, shimmering и
Liquid pools into a cistern
Liquid pools into a cistern air и ground
Liquid pools into a cistern air и ground.
Live and drink, aquafriend
Live and drink, aquafriend.
Live and drink, water-brother
Live and drink, water-brother.
Live and drink, water-sib
Live and drink, water-sib.
Live and drink. Come in- come sit 'neath the cool shade, 'cross a pillow
Locations > Historic Sites
LongDescription%
LongDescription2%
Looming over the old-earth tunnels, pillowed in rotting jungle and fungus
Loved by {{C|the Fellowship of Wardens}}.
Mappur's
Mappur's Wife
Matz
Meals cooked from recipes bestow special status effects. Meals cooked with selected ingredients bestow dynamically-generated status effects
Meals cooked from recipes bestow special status effects. Meals cooked with selected ingredients bestow dynamically-generated status effects.
Mehmet can award an additional
Mehmet, the tongue says. Live and drink, Fayumet
Mehmet, the tongue says. Live and drink, Fayumet.
Mirsivah
Missile
Must you bother me? What are you, some sort
My people have walked the salt for thousands
My people have walked the salt for thousands of years, meeting every creature
Nalil
Oboroqoru's lair, and sultans they admire or despise
Oboroqoru's lair, and sultans they admire or despise.
Offhand Атаковать Chance: 15%
One star-ribboned night, a ray cat crossed the marshy loam and wandered into Joppa. The watervine farmers, wakened by the joyful cries
One звезда-ribboned night, луч cat crossed marshy loam и wandered into Joppa
One звезда-ribboned night, луч cat crossed marshy loam и wandered into Joppa.
PerfectС
PgDown
PgUp
Physical Defect
Physical Defect]
Physical features: horns
Physical features: horns,
Physical features: stinger
Public
Putus
Qaarralep
Qud, surface, Harvest Dawn
Range: 2-3 spaces
Reduces chance
Reduces the chance
Right
SP ::
Saloons of Nalil
Saloons of Nalil in the
Salt marsh, surface, Harvest Dawn
Scrollskipper
Shamrilep
Share a secret with me, water-brother
Share a secret with me, water-brother.
Sharp jade eyes are crow-worn to late middle age and her lips are scarred with gas burns. Climbing over her back and neck are the jeweled segments
Sharp jade eyes crow-worn to late middle age и her lips scarred with газ
Shearrakish
Shot ink decorates the dulla on his long neck in one
Shot ink decorates the dulla on his long neck in one , thousand patterns of
Shumrod
Shunip
Shursishan
Slide drawers
Slide drawers galvanized metal are arranged in a cabinet as rectangles of
Somethin' is eating our watervine, 'round Beetle Moon. Q-ruun says he saw a
Stopsvalinn and the locations of their forts
Sultan Histories > Girashid II
Sultan Histories > Yyram I
Sumas
S|Peshchery Kuda
S|Peshchery Kuda}}
Tab]
Tam, dromad merchant
Tam, dromad merchant [
Tashur
Tele
Templar enclaves
The Bedroll-in-Citrine
The Bedroll-in-Citrine Church
The Cabal
The Cabal of the
The Cabal of the Scrollskipper
The Canticles Chromaic, Verses XVII-XXIV
The Cult
The Cult of Yyram
The Cult of Yyram II
The Cult of the Coiled
The Cult of the Mappur's
The Cult of the Mappur's Wife
The Naphtaali tribe
The Seekers
The Seekers of the
The action cost
The bear dies
The bear dies!
The bear hits
The biped form emerges out
The biped form emerges out кокон
The clockwork beetle and pariah to its people takes the
The denizens
The hindren
The snapjaw scavenger dies
The snapjaw scavenger dies!
The tatters
The tatters a sweat-запятнанный kufiya thrash in the ветер from where they
The tatters of a sweat-stained kufiya thrash in the wind from where they hang about the farmer's neck. Clas
The tatters of a sweat-запятнанный kufiya thrash in the ветер from where they
The villagers of Alep
The villagers of Alil
The villagers of Bitara
The villagers of Damrinna
The villagers of Darqammu
The villagers of Datum
The villagers of Dubash
The villagers of Dubylep
The villagers of Ekamor
The villagers of Ekavuh
The villagers of Ezra
The villagers of Hashan
The villagers of Ibykesh
The villagers of Inna
The villagers of Joppa
The villagers of Kiilikesh
The villagers of Kyakukya
The villagers of Mirsivah
The villagers of Qaarralep
The villagers of Shamrilep
The villagers of Shearrakish
The villagers of Shumrod
The villagers of Shunip
The villagers of Shursishan
The villagers of Sumas
The villagers of Tashur
The villagers of Urqukish
The villagers of Uvah
The watervine farmer sits down on the
The watervine farmer wakes up
The watervine farmer wakes up.
There are caves everywhere, you dolt! Scoop the surface
There are people, friends, communities. And friends-to-noone, too. History is
Thursday, 28 May 2026
Thursday, 28 May 2026 at 09:24:24
Time and rest are the surest way to dress a wound, but my wares can help if
To both
Travel to the historical site of the Saloons of Nalil
Type: Mental Mutations
Type: Physical Mutations
Type: Skills
Unlearned
Unlearned]
Urqukish
Uvah
Visit the Saloons
Visit the Saloons of Nalil
Waning Salt Sun 24th
Watervine farm in the lap
Watervine farm in the lap of the marsh. You've sucked the moisture out a
Waxing Salt Sun 24th
Waxing Salt Sun 24th of Tishru i Ux
Wednesday, 27 May 2026
Wednesday, 27 May 2026 at 22:24:38
Welcome a-Joppa, friend. Stay peacelike, and we stay friends, hyeh? You make
What kind
When you choose ingredients to cook with, you can choose up to three instead
Whenever you gain a level, and 5%
Whenever you hit an opponent with an axe, there's a 75% chance you cleave their armor, giving them a -1 penalty to their AV. This penalty can stack a number
Whenever you score a critical hit with a melee weapon while single-weapon fighting, the cooldowns
Wife
Will you inherit leadership
Wind off the Great Desert cools a touch and gives up moisture. Just enough. A
Witchwood for pain, bandages for bleeding, yuckwheat and honey for when your
Would you share the favorite dish
WoundLevel%
WoundLevel2%
W|M}}koef
W|M}}koef.
You are aware
You are skilled with pistols
You can voluntarily amputate your own limbs and the limbs
You don't have any schematics
You don't have any schematics.
You don't have enough skill points to buy that skill
You don't have enough skill points to buy that skill!
You emit a ray of frost from your hands
You emit a ray of frost from your hands.
You equip the
You fire at a marked target with no accuracy penalty (the accuracy
You fire at a marked target. For each penetration on each shot that hits, your target bleeds 1 point
You get +1 to hit with short blades. Also, the action costs
You have an extra set
You have finished the step
You have finished the step,
You identify the bizarre contraption as a loudspeaker
You identify the bizarre contraption as a loudspeaker.
You identify the bizarre contraption as an electric generator
You identify the bizarre contraption as an electric generator.
You identify the odd trinket as a
You make an attack with a cudgel at an adjacent opponent. If you hit, you automatically daze them for 3-4 rounds. Dazing a dazed opponent stuns them. Conking a stunned opponent instead knocks them unconscious for 30-40 rounds (unconscious opponents wake up dazed when they take damage
You make an attack with a cudgel at an adjacent opponent. If you hit, you automatically daze them for 3-4 rounds. Dazing a dazed opponent stuns them. Conking a stunned opponent instead knocks them unconscious for 30-40 rounds (unconscious opponents wake up dazed when they take damage).
You make an axe attack against an o
You make some progress understanding the bizarre contraption
You make some progress understanding the bizarre contraption.
You may drink
You miss with your
You need a dram of either
You note the location
You note the location of the Saloons of Nalil in the
You note this piece
You pass by a
You pass by an iron battle axe
You pass by an iron battle axe.
You pass by some brinestalk
You pass by some brinestalk.
You pass by some stairs down
You pass by some stairs down.
You pass by some stairs up
You pass by some stairs up.
You pass by some trash
You pass by some trash.
You spend a turn to draw a bead on a target and mark it. Whenever you fire at a marked target with a bow or rifle, your agility is treated as if it were 2 points higher for the purpose
You stop moving because there is a bear in your way
You stop moving because there is a bear in your way.
You take
You take 15% less damage from heating and cooling effects. Additionally, the severities
You take Here More from the north
You take Here More from the north.
You toss some stamped fish meat, a sprinkle
You toss some stamped fish meat, a sprinkle of trash, a dash of crowned fulcrete flake, and a crust of bread into a pot and stir
You toss some stamped fish meat, a sprinkle of trash, a dash of crowned fulcrete flake, and a crust of bread into a pot and stir.
You unequip your
You wade through a pool of
Your chance to strike with each
Your short blade attacks that penetrate have a 75% chance to cause your opponent to bleed (0-1 damage per turn. toughness save; difficulty 20 + your Agi modifier). The opponent saves to stop bleeding each round, and the save difficulty decreases by 1 each round. This effect can stack a number
Yrame nods.*
Yyram
Y|>}}
Y|Copyright
Y|Copyright ({{w|c}}) Freehold Games (perevod: memasevich)({{w|tm}})}}
Y|Copyright ({{w|c}}) Freehold Games({{w|tm}})}}
a bed
a canvas folding chair
a chair
a dash of crowned fulcrete flake, and a crust of bread into a pot and stir
a door
a floor cushion
a mannequin
a metal workbench
a sign
a table
a watervine
a woven basket
a) Sprint
about Resheph's healer Rebekah
about Resheph's healer Rebekah.
about everything
about everything.
about technology, the locations
about technology, the locations of oddities, the locations
about the locations
about the locations of Consortium merchants and all sorts
about the locations of all settlements. They're also
about the locations of apple farms, the locations of pig
about the locations of goatfolk settlements and locations
about the locations of historic sites, locations in the
about the locations of oddities
about the locations of oddities.
about the locations of other merchants and all sorts of
about the sultan they worship
about them
about them.
about you, but aggressive
activated abilities, determines your ability to resist mental attacks, and modifies your hit point regeneration rate
against his chests o' drawers
alk bond
all settlements and all sorts of gossip
also
amage and your temperature cannot be increased
amine
an iron battle axe
ancestors
ancestors.
and a bridge
and a bridge.
and all sultans
and all sultans.
and fiberglass
and gossip that's about them
and ground
and the locations
and the locations of cider wee
and the locations of cider weeps. They're also interested
and under the
and здоровый fat pushes his center
apple
are interested in learning about the locations of
are interested in sharing secrets about the locations
are interested in the resources necessary for
are interested in trading secrets about sultans
are you
aren't welcome in
assorted размеры. Storage is фрактальный
assorted размеры. Storage is фрактальный.
ature, spider-like, sli
axe. If successful, you pull your opponent with you as you move and make a free attack with your axe. Your opponent gets a chance to resist the move (strength save; difficulty 20 + your Str modifier) and a chance to break free at the start of their turn (same save). Lasts for 9 rounds or until you dismember the opponent
b) Freezing Ray
banana grove, and all sultans
banana grove, and all sultans.
bandage x9
barb-crowned tail. A second pair arms rise over slump his shoulders, where
bartering
basic
becoming nooks and the locations of
bent metal sheet from the east
bent metal sheet from the west
bent metal sheet x2
better suited to herbalism anyway, and my father worries less
better suited to herbalism anyway, and my father worries less.
between, heh. Go through his hut
between, heh. Go through his hut of sheet metal, to the southwest
between, heh. Go through his hut of sheet metal, to the southwest.
bird lairs, and sultans they admire or
bite! [2 vs 7
bite! [7 vs 7
black robes, spectacles, walking stick, sandals
blood
boxes. Their drawers house the stenographic imagination
brethren and the saltback, but upon
brinestalk bonded with mud
brinestalk wall with gearbox
building new societies: the locations
building new societies: the locations of water weeps
building new societies: the locations of water weeps,
burns. Climbing over her back и neck jeweled segments a great spiral tail и
but aggressive members
but aggressive ones will
by your Agility modifier. Your base DV is 6
c) Make Camp
c] c
caravanserai
care about you, but
chain mail, weird artifact, leather boots
ck, for see
cloth robe, sturdy shillelagh
cocoon of wood and fiberglass
color=#508d75>ACTIVE EFFECTS
color=#508d75>ACTIVE EFFECTS:
color>
combat tactics
companions
consuming электрический рывок
consuming электрический рывок.
cooking reci
creature, spider-like, slinking in the brine. But no cave spider would dare
ctivate
culls moisture-swollen wafers from the viri
curved vinereaper
d) Dismember
d2+1
d3+1
d54a4a94-48ff-453a-aa92-820371cdddff
dagger! [14
dagger! [14]
dagger! [18
dagger! [18]
dagger! [19
dagger! [19]
dander from the tines of her great horns, and she blows a halo of freezing air from her rime-veined hands
dander from tines her great horns, и she blows a halo freezing air from her
decreased by
defensive stanceС
delving, but gave it up after a few near escapes and nearly deadly wounds. I’m
despise you. Even docile
despise, and gossip that's about them
despise, and gossip that's about them.
determines how much cold damage you ablate and how insulated you are from effects that reduce your tem
determines how much heat damage you ablate and how insulated you are from effects that increase your tem
determines how much melee damage you do (by im
determines the
determines the potency
determines your number
determines your number of hit
determines your number of skill points and your ability to examine artifacts
determines your number of skill points and your ability to examine artifacts.
determining
dilute
dislike
dislikes
dislikes you, but docile
do damage to you. Your base AV is 0
doesn't
don't
don't care
don't care about you, but
door and a puddle of
down his лицо like влагопаутинник fronds. Across his back, a hump
drams →
drawers house the stenographic imagination
drawers house the stenographic imagination.
drin
dromad merchants, the locations of
e of
e) Charge
e) Charge [
e] e
ease a stance much more relaxed than his. If it weren'для salt on his brow и
ed in his gn
efenses and harm you. Your MA is modified by your Willpower modifier. Your base MA is 4
enabling it to function as part энергия grid
enabling it to function as part энергия grid,
encounters while traveling across rivers and lakes on the world map
encounters while traveling through chrome ruins on the world map
encounters while traveling through the desert canyons on the world map
encounters while traveling through the flower fields on the world map
encounters while traveling through the hills and mountains on the world map
encounters while traveling through the jungles on the world map
encounters while traveling through the salt dunes on the world map
encounters while traveling through the salt marshes and watervine fields on the world map
end the water ritual
end the water ritual]
equal to 1 plus your Agi modifier
er will
er would dare
ereaper of iron wi
esecrate
exceeding mass thresholds, perhaps a ganglionic teleprojector
f) Butcher Corpses
f] f
farmer's neck. Clasped in his gnarled, brown hand a curved vinereaper железный
farmers, wakened by joyful cries a small girl, gathered around
farms, and gossip that's
farms, the locations of pig
favor you. Aggressive
fields
fields. They're also interested in hearing gossip that's
firing
fish lairs and the locations of frog lairs
fleck in the pool. Shale, like we find in the soil by
flower lairs and locations in the flower
for 1 damage with your
for 2 damage with your
for 4 damage with her bite. [18
for 4 damage with her bite. [18]
for digging up the remains of their ancestors
fractured microchip from the south
freshwater, too, and quench your thirst
friend human, if you speak to him
friend human, if you speak to him.
friends и strangers alike
friends и strangers alike.
from the north
from the north.
from the viridian растение called влагопаутинник
from the viridian растение called влагопаутинник.
from your father
frost
full round
fungiС за едят одного из своих детенышей
fungiС за едят одного из своих детенышей.
fungus forests
g) Teleport
g] g
galvanized
gel weeps and sultans they admire or despise
get so near Warden's stomps
get so near Warden's stomps.
getting
gher your score, the less likely a
goatfolk settlements and gossip that's about
goatskin
great spiral tail and stinger; a bead of smoking gut juice gleams on the tip
groves. And broken against the mounts
groves. And broken against the mounts of the north, they are, in the shadow of
gunsmiths
guts act up. Coldcaps when I can find them. Why not take a look
guts act up. Coldcaps when I can find them. Why not take a look?
g|Dromad Edition
g|Dromad Edition}}
h which h
hammock [hanging
hammock [hanging]
hands meet и fingers lace to form another лицо, this one vacant и prehistoric
hands meet и fingers lace to form another лицо, this one vacant и prehistoric,
hang about the farmer's neck. Clasрасписнаяian растение called влагопаутинник
hang about the farmer's neck. Clasрасписнаяian растение called влагопаутинник.
hang about the фермер's neck. Clasped in her gnarled, коричневый hand is a
hang about the фермер's neck. Clasped in his gnarled, коричневый hand is a
harvests a vinewafer
harvests a vinewafer.
hearing
hearing gossip that's
here? Speak to my daughter through the east door, for herbs. And sitting Tam
higher your score, the fewer times an opponent's attack will penetrate your armor an
hin a d
historic sites, the locations
historic sites, the locations of gunsmiths' workshops, and
honey weeps. They're also interested in
human? We are greeted! What do you desire
human? We are greeted! What do you desire?
humanoid lairs, and sultans they admire or despise
humanoid lairs, and sultans they admire or despise.
humanoid merchants, the locations of
humanoid settlements, sultans they admire or
humanoid settlements, the locations of
hysic
i Ux
ian plant called watervine
ichor merchants' distilleries and the
in the Palladium Reef
in the Palladium Reef.
in the b
in the direction of your choice
in the flower fields
in the flower fields. They're also interested in hearing
in the jungle
in the jungle.
in the southeast has all manner
in the southeast has all manner of trinket, against his chests o' drawers
in the southeast has all manner of trinket, against his chests o' drawers.
increased by
ine. But no c
information
insect lairs and sultans they admire or
insect lairs and the locations of lava
insect lairs, the locations of haberdashers
insect lairs, the locations of other ape lairs, sultans
interesting
ir limbs at ran
is eatin
is wrapped in oil-sodden cloth
it is
kinds
l attacks. The h
l mutat
lbs.|
learn to cook
learning
learning about
learning about all sultans
learning about the
learning about the locations
leather apron, wide-brimmed hat, weird artifact, sandals
legs
limbs at random and they start bleeding (1-2 damage per turn. toughness save; difficulty 35). Additionally, your axe attacks that penetrate have a percentage chance to dismember: 3% for one-handed axes and 6% for two-handed axes
limbs you can dismember. Chopping off the only head of a creature kills them instantly. If the creature has multiple heads, they start bleeding profusely (2-3 damage per turn. toughness save; difficulty 35
llow br
locations in the flower fields, the location
locations in the jungle, the locations of
locations in the jungle, the locations of robot lairs, and
lost by about 15%
lost in rivers and lakes from base 12% to 1%
lost in ruins from base 12% to 1%
lost in the desert canyons from base 12% to 1%
lost in the flower fields from base 12% to 1%
lost in the hills and mountains from base 12% to 1%
lost in the jungles from base 12% to 1%
lost in the salt dunes from base 10% to 1%
lost in the salt marshes and watervine fields from base 12% to 1%
lying on a bed
lying on a bedroll
marsh, or head
marsh. You've sucked the moisture out a
meal, a mix
meal, a mix of life sets in
meal, a mix of life sets in.
measures how likely you are to be hit by
measures how well
meeting every creature
members will attack you
members will attack you.
mental mutations, your ability to haggle with merchants, and your ability to dominate the wills of other living creatures
merchants and all sorts
merchants and all sorts of
metal are arranged in a cabinet as rectangles of assorted dimensions. Storage is fractal
metal, to the southwest
mm, adventurous ones set off for their own splinter
mm, adventurous ones set off for their own splinter of artifact. To both
mm, there? Land slopes up and is toothed in chrome steeples, ageless things
mm, there? Land slopes up and is toothed in chrome steeples, ageless things.
mm, work? The farmers are plagued by cave vermin. You might speak to Mehmet
mm, work? Try Argyve, friend. The tinker. Always looking for trinkets to wire
modifies the cooldowns
moistured
m|An thou seeøesø
m|An thou seeøesø.}}"
m|phosphorescent
m|phosphorescent}}
nd penetrate, you d
nd technology. They're also
nephilims
nephilims.
no mouth и eyes desert-white
no mouth и eyes desert-white.
north, they are, in the shadow of
ntal attacks. The higher your score, the less likely an opponent's mental attack will penetrate your
o cold damag
o' there, by the southern watervine patch
o' there, by the southern watervine patch.
o] o
ock |
oddities, the darkling star, and gossip
of all settlements
of all settlements, the locations
of all settlements, the locations of historic sites, and
of all settlements. They're also interested in hearing
of dots (for color
of gossip
of gossip.
of humanoid settlements and sultans they admire or
of insect lairs, the locations of other ape lairs
of insect lairs, the locations of other ape lairs,
of rust bogs, technology, and gossip that's about them
of rust bogs, technology, and gossip that's about them.
offhand weapons is increased by 20%
offhand weapons is increased by 35%
offhand weapons is increased by 50%
oints, your hit point regener
ollect liquid
om and they start bleeding
ones will attack you
ones will attack you.
opponen
opponent. If you hit and penetrate, you dismember one of their limbs at random
ort to
otency of your ment
other
other baboon lairs, all sorts of gossip, and
other dromad merchants and locations in
over dirt paths. So long as he's approached with care, he welcomes hands
p] p
ped trunks of s
per round (save: 20 + max damage of the weapon). Then your target is unmarked
phosphorescent
physical attacks that hit you. Th
pig farms, the locations
pig farms, the locations of apple farms, and gossip that's
pig farms. They're also interested in hearing
pistols is reduced by 25%
places
places.
plagues
points, your hit point regeneration rate, and your ability to resist poison and disease
ponent. If you hit
possible
power grid, consuming electrical charge
power grid, producing electrical charge
producing электрический рывок
producing электрический рывок.
puzzle
random locat
re aga
regaining
reste
rime-veined hands
rime-veined hands.
rled, brown hand
rmor penetrat
robot lairs. They're also interested in
rotected you
roun
roving your
ruins, the locations of historic sites
rules|Adds HP-based effects to cooked meals
rules|Adds HP-based effects to cooked meals.}}
rules|Adds simple taste-based effects to cooked meals
rules|Adds simple taste-based effects to cooked meals.}}
rules|Contains wiring enabling it to function as part
rules|Heals and confuses when eaten
rules|Heals and confuses when eaten.}}
rules|Offhand Attack Chance: 15%
rules|Offhand Attack Chance: 15%}}
rules|Strength Bonus Cap: 2
rust
rust bogs, sultan tomb inscriptions, sultans they admire
s a curved vi
s attack will hit you. Your DV is modifi
s, your abili
s. They're
s] s
sallow
salt
salt the wind heaves over the Great Salt Desert Moghra'yi. And to the east
salt the wind heaves over the Great Salt Desert Moghra'yi. And to the east,
salt weeps, the locations of slime bogs, the
salt. He shrinks under a hunched back и drums ground beneath him with a short
salty
same time
same time.
scarred knuckles, he would seem a marble Saad perched under a crumbling tomb
scarred knuckles, he would seem a marble Saad perched under a crumbling tomb.
scuttle down a dark shaft at the edge of a sunken trade path
se b
search>
secrets about locations in the jungle and the locations of
secrets about the darkling star and sultans they admire or
section
select | unlock
select | unlock (
servings
servings]
sets in
settlements and locations
settlements. They're also
sharing
sharing secrets about all
sharing secrets about all sultans
sharing secrets about technology
sharing secrets about the
sharing secrets about the locations
sheet
shimmering and smelling of spice
show cybernetics
signate
sist force
sites, and
sites, locations in the
sitting
sitting on an
sitting on an engraved floor cushion
skyward
slime bogs, all weep locations, and sultans
small girl, gathered around to revel at the favorable omen and extol the generosity of the Beetle Moon. Since then, Ctesiphus has spent his days curled under the shade of brinestalk huts and sauntering over dirt paths. So long as he's approached with care, he welcomes the hands of friends and strangers alike
smelling spice
smelling spice.
smember o
snapjaw forts, locations in the salt
snapjawsС за перепрограммировать своего любимого робота
snapjawsС за перепрограммировать своего любимого робота.
some brinestalk
some leather armor
some salt marsh
some stairs down
some stairs up
some trash
space]
st score is 0. At 100, you are immu
stares at you unblinking*
stinger; a bead smoking gut juice gleams on tip
stinger; a bead smoking gut juice gleams on tip.
storied items. They're also interested in
sturdy woven tunic, wide-brimmed hat, iron vinereaper, sandals
sultans they admire or despise
sultans they admire or despise.
sweat-stained kufiya thrash in the wind from where they hang about the farmer's neck. Clasped in her gnarled, brown hand is a curved vinereaper of iron with which she culls moisture-swollen wafers from the viridian plant called watervine
sweat-stained kufiya thrash in the wind from where they hang about the farmer's neck. Clasped in his gnarled, brown hand is a curved vinereaper of iron with which he culls moisture-swollen wafers from the viridian plant called watervine
switch to modifications
t] t
take care to pay you after, waterhand
take care to pay you after, waterhand.
tatters a sweat-stained kufiya thrash in ветер from where they hang about
technology and the locations
technology and the locations of Putus Templar enclaves
technology and the locations of Putus Templar enclaves.
technology, the locations
technology, the locations of ruins, the locations of
that change your temperature are reduced by 15%
that lives and thinks. From Pale Sea to the marsh
the Bedroll-in-Citrine
the Bedroll-in-Citrine Church
the Saloons of Nalil
the camelfolk. His ears are arrayed with gilded кольца, and eyelashes flow
the locations
the locations of
the locations of other ape lairs
the locations of other ape lairs, sultans
the other Fire powers you have
the p-density
the resources necessary for
the rotting jungles
the rotting jungles of Qud
the rotting jungles of Qud.
the south
the south.
the sultan they worship
the viridian растение called влагопаутинник
the viridian растение called влагопаутинник.
the Спальник-in-Citrine ChurchС for копание up the remains из their
their
there. And welcome to Joppa
there. And welcome to Joppa.
they admire or despise, and gossip that's about them
they admire or despise, and gossip that's about them.
thick as the high salt sun, friend, and where the past is ground up like matz
this? The oasis-hamlet. 'Neath the shelf
this? The oasis-hamlet. 'Neath the shelf of the world. A million breaths of
thousand patterns of the camelfolk. His ears are arrayed with gilded rings, and eyelashes flow down his face like watervine fronds. Across his back, a hump of moistured and healthy fat pushes his center of mass skyward
time you explore a new map, you become inspired for two days. While inspired, the next time you cook a meal by choosing ingredients, you get a choice of three dynamically-generated effects to apply. You create a recipe for the chosen effect
times
to Qud, you’ll need some
to desecrate a shrine
to desecrate a shrine.
to our Elderfriend. Irudad. Up northwise the path
to our Elderfriend. Irudad. Up northwise the path.
to revel at favorable omen и extol generosity Beetle Луна. Since then
to revel at favorable omen и extol generosity Beetle Луна. Since then,
to two random weapon or shield skills are immediately refreshed
tongue can taste a hundred kinds
tongue can taste a hundred kinds of wind, y'know
tongue can taste a hundred kinds of wind, y'know?
torch x14 (unburnt
torch x14 (unburnt)
trading
trading secrets
trading secrets about all
trading secrets about all sorts of
trading secrets about books
trading secrets about locations
trading secrets about sultans
trading secrets about sultans they
trading secrets about the
trading secrets about the locations
trading secrets about watery
trinket
trouble, it’s my work a-split you open like a croc
trouble, it’s my work a-split you open like a croc.
ts with alpha
ture. Your base Cold Res
ture. Your base Heat Res
turquoise his eyes at tilling angle, his hips pushed odd-forward with slumping
umerics ins
underground locations and sultans they admire or despise
underground locations and sultans they admire or despise.
up to half your Str modifier, rounded up, +1 on a critical hit
various
vellum are bound into a codex
villagers JoppaС за защищая свою деревню
villagers JoppaС за защищая свою деревню.
vinereaper; his spine is bent to point the bright turquoise of his eyes at the tilling angle, his hips are pushed odd-forward with the slumping ease of a stance much more relaxed than his. If it weren't for the salt on his brow and the scarred knuckles, he would seem a marble Saad perched under a crumbling tomb
vinewafer x3
vinewafer, yea? We tend the plant here
vinewafer, yea? We tend the plant here.
vs 7
vs 7]
w] w
wading
wares before you go
was shed or peeled off a machine fossil
water weeps
water weeps, the locations of cat lairs, and
water weeps, the locations of wine weeps
waterfreak
waterskin from the north
weapon still matters). Then your target is unmarked
weeps
weeps. They're also interested
weeps. They're also interested in hearing gossip that's
welcome in their holy
wet glowfish
wet watervine farmer
will usually let
with Mehmet and begin the water ritual
with Mehmet and begin the water ritual.
with a short blade in your primary hand is reduced by 25%
with merchants, an
with mud
with which he culls moisture-swollen wafers from
with which he culls moisture-swollen wafers from viridian plant called
with which she culls moisture-swollen wafers
woodshed
workshops, and
workshops, and sultans they admire or despise. They're
world. A million breaths of
woven tunic, wide-brimmed hat, iron vinereaper, sandals
x1024
x1050
x1080
x1200
x400
x480
x600
x634
x720
x768
x800
x864
x900
x990
y to haggl
y to r
y'know
years
you pet them. You
you pet them. You are
you, but aggressive
you, but aggressive ones
you, but docile members
you. Even docile ones will
your abili
your ability to dominate the wills of other living creatures
your ability to resist poison and disease
your accuracy with bows and rifles, your agility is treated as if it were 4 points higher
your accuracy with pistols, your agility is treated as if it were 4 points higher
your accuracy. You may only mark one target at a time. Targets get unmarked if you lose vision of them
your bearings when you are lost
your ego is treated as though it were 4 points higher
your temperature cannot be reduced
you’re in a hurry
you’re in a hurry.
∙ Travel to the historical site
